Dear fellow practitioners, today, Tâm Chiều
Hoàn Quán is having a live sharing session
via Zoom with Buddhist practitioners from this place.
We will share with each other through
[music].
The circumstances of our fellow practitioners here are
very
unique; each of us is from a different country,
or
even from the same country but in a different city.
But we all have one thing in common: a longing
for our homeland, right?
Even though we Buddhists may
no longer have relatives in our homeland,
we can never
abandon it because it resides
in our hearts.
Therefore, each of us
has one thing in common: we are all
Vietnamese. And yes, each of
us
always strives for good things,
wanting to do
something good. Even those of us
who no longer have relatives in
Vietnam can find solace here at
this Dharma center.  We are looking towards
our country, Vietnam, to help with
some of its difficulties. Although it's only a little
compared to our circumstances,
if there are any, we still
feel a sense of comfort
in our hearts because we are still connected to our
roots. So, the composition of the
Buddhist community abroad includes Vietnamese
people with relatives
in Vietnam and Vietnamese people
without relatives in Vietnam.
We have both groups.
Regarding our operating regulations,
we have
very
special regulations. When we are part of the overseas Buddhist community,
we have
common activities because our consciousness
has a sense of
empathy, understanding, and love for each other.
Therefore, there is a
certain transformation of karma when there is a
shared concern, a mutual understanding.
For example,
Buddhists in Vietnam don't...  There's a
longing for home, but not as much longing for
loved ones as Buddhists living abroad.
Therefore, we share
similar feelings. Buddhists living abroad have
similar feelings and concerns,
so the part where we
practice together and dedicate merit to each other
will be different from the part where
Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club
dedicate merit to Buddhists living abroad. That is, there
's a difference,
like a mental example of complete contemplation. For instance, someone who has
never been sick caring for someone who is
sick will be different from someone who has been sick caring for
someone who is sick. Because
someone who has been sick understands
what the sick person needs and isn't bothered by the
sick person's wishes, because they have
experienced it. Do you agree, dear fellow practitioners?
When a Buddhist living
abroad dedicates merit to another Buddhist living abroad,
it's very different from a Buddhist living in the
country dedicating merit to a Buddhist living abroad, because
we are all in
the same situation, sharing the same feelings.  We share a common aspiration
and a deeper understanding of each other.
Therefore,
when a fellow practitioner encounters a problem,
we, as fellow Buddhists in
the community, practice together and dedicate our merits to
each other. This transformation is much
greater than when other practitioners lack this
understanding and dedication.
Here, with shared
understanding, dedicating merits to
each other is far more beneficial.
For this reason, the Lord's Heart of the Enlightenment
desires to establish a Buddhist community for those living
far from home, to benefit all fellow
practitioners. When something happens, the
practitioners in our community will
directly dedicate merits to
their local community. For example, within a family or to
oneself, for instance, a Buddhist who is unemployed or struggling with
difficulties, we will
practice together. The Lord's Heart of the Enlightenment will
provide a practice program for the
practitioners, and they will practice together
to dedicate merits.  We vow to
practice for five, three, seven, or ten days
to dedicate the merit to a Buddhist in
our congregation. From dedicating the merit to
a Buddhist in our congregation,
we will grow in compassion, and then
we can also dedicate it to
ourselves. That's the benefit. It's similar to the
Golden Cup Club: when
a Buddhist or
a Buddhist family in a congregation experiences a problem, the
entire congregation gathers to chant scriptures and offer
assistance. Because they share
similar concerns,
their karmic transformation becomes more apparent. After the
gathering, it's the same for Buddhists living far from
home. We may be from
different countries, but we share
a
fundamental feeling of being far from our homeland. We
have similar feelings that
those in our home country don't have. Therefore,
we can
help each other transform our karma, which is very
beneficial. In Buddhism, there is the Fourfold
Method of Gathering, called "Shared Action Gathering," meaning there
is a shared understanding.  When people
empathize with each other, it's easier to share,
understand, and help each other, my dear fellow
practitioners. Regarding the
entire process of establishing
a Buddhist community, it requires several
steps: firstly, you agree to join the
Overseas Buddhist Community; secondly,
the activities within the
Overseas Buddhist Community must be
suitable for you; then we will
have a name for the Overseas Buddhist
Community. I hope, as
before, that if after this meeting you all
agree, the Master will
share directly with you
and officially name the
Overseas Buddhist Community. And as I
shared before,
we will show concern for the families
of those back
home,
for example, when parents are sick
or pass away, we will offer
condolences and support.
Our group is separate, and if we
can't return to the country, the Buddhists in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club will be responsible for representing the club and the
Buddhists
in the remote area to visit them.
That's regarding those in the country, because
we are far away. Some have families,
some don't.
Should we visit their spouses and children,
or just their
parents? This is something we
Buddhists should discuss among ourselves. And no matter
where our Buddhists' families are, no matter how far away they are, for example,
in Ca Mau or Mong Cai,
we will still visit them. Even
though we are far away, our group
will still visit them.
For example,
Quynh Bich's friends and family.
If Quynh Bich's parents are
sick, a representative
from the Golden Chrysanthemum Club will represent the
Buddhist community in the remote area and bring gifts as
determined by the Buddhist community.  We
agree that when our parents are
sick or need surgery, we visit, inquire about their well-being, and offer
encouragement. Money is
n't the most valuable thing; it's the
spirit that matters. That's the
nature of it, and that's all
we have. Besides that,
we have a practice program.
For example, at least one day a month, we Buddhists
must set aside to practice the Eight
Precepts. That means in Vietnam, we
practice the Eight Precepts on the
eighth day of the month, but in other Buddhist communities,
we don't set a specific day; we
can practice according to
our own circumstances and at the time we can arrange. When
we arrange a time for
practice, we post on
our group's page: "On this day,
I wish to practice the Eight Precepts."
Then the whole community joins in.
We have harmony, and that
harmony
increases our merit and blessings.
Do you understand, dear fellow practitioners? That's
our Eight Precepts practice program.
We have
programs for practicing and chanting scriptures, and on
the day of the Eight Precepts practice,
we dedicate merit to the Buddhists in
our community. If anyone is in
need, we post it
there so we can dedicate it. For example,
at the beginning of a month,
we post a
registration for the Eight Precepts practice for
that month.
We will post in the comments section who will be practicing the Eight Precepts,
and whoever needs to dedicate something
will also post in the comments section. This way,
when our Buddhists practice the Eight Precepts, they
will be aware of the situation in
their community so we can
dedicate the merit to them. Understood? So, in the
next phase, our practice rules
will be different from the practice rules
of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club.
Firstly, this Buddhist must
have a firm belief in karma. They
must believe in karma; everything in
their life that happens to them is due to
karma, not caused
by anyone else.
It is the people who cause us suffering because
Karma governs us. Whether our husband
beats us, our children are unfilial,
or outsiders harm
us, it is all within
our own karma. As Buddhist disciples,
we must understand this so that we can let
go of all afflictions, resentment, anger,
and passivity that prevent us from
transforming our karma and instead allow us to be
dependent on external factors. We
must abandon all those thoughts and
build a
mindset of karma so that we can
live positively and transform karma, meaning we live
positively to transform karma,
not because of external circumstances. Once
we awaken to this, we
have already let go of our afflictions,
right? No blaming, no anger,
no creating new negative karma.
We begin to know how to stop karma
and begin to transform our minds. Then
we begin to practice spirituality to
transform our karma. Those with heavy
karma will need less effort to transform their karma;
those with lighter karma will need
more effort to transform their karma quickly.
Those who are diligent and persistent in their practice
will transmit their karma more quickly than those who are lazy and inactive.
That is, first, we must have Right
View. Right View
on cause and effect is essential for participating in a
Buddhist community.
Secondly, we must have
faith in the Three Jewels. When we have
Right View on cause and effect, we
have already achieved faith in the
Buddha and the Dharma. Regarding the
Sangha, we, dear fellow practitioners,
must learn about and believe in the practice of the
monks at Ba Vang Pagoda because we have
chosen to be Buddhists at Ba Vang Pagoda. If there are any
issues we don't understand,
we will share them with each other.
We must have all
these elements to
become fellow practitioners and to
become Buddhists in a
community. When Buddhists in
our community have any doubts or questions,
we will propose them in meetings, and
we will ask questions
to resolve those doubts.
Only then can we diligently practice to
transform our karmic forces, dear fellow practitioners. That means
we live truthfully,
that means we live truthfully with each other.
That's enough of a condition to
become a member of the Buddhist community, a
Dharma center. Do you find it
easy, dear fellow practitioners? That is, we must know that
we join the Dharma center to
benefit ourselves first.
We are not called upon, not
forced,
not compelled. We are simply fellow
practitioners who help
us to: firstly, to be diligent
because we have someone to encourage us;
secondly, to have someone to
share our thoughts and feelings with; and
thirdly, to have a place to create
merit. For example, if today
a Buddhist in our community is sick,
we quickly arrange our time to
chant scriptures and perform rituals.
Sometimes we even perform acts of merit and dedicate them to
our friend. That is, we have a
place...  So that we can focus on showing
concern in a diligent way,
meaning we are always diligent.
Otherwise, if we don't have a Dharma
center, if we only do good deeds
outside, sometimes we will be negligent,
right, dear Dharma friends? We
can recite a sutra, and if we see a Buddha or a
Buddhist in our Dharma center is
sick, we already have the fault of worrying.
Or if a Buddhist's child is sick, or a Buddhist is
in trouble,
we can think to ourselves, "
Today we must,
we must dedicate this time to
reciting this sutra, and then we
can direct our minds to making an offering of 10,000
dong to dedicate to
our fellow Dharma friends." Then,
this concern of ours brings us
blessings; when we encounter
any problem, we will have the
opportunity to receive concern and
help from others to resolve our
issues. That is the cause and effect, dear
Dharma friends, do you understand? So, if...  If we
don't have a Dharma center, if there's no such
caring and sharing, we'll become
complacent. That is, we'll think, "Today,
this month, I can do good deeds here and
there," but then four months later, if there's nowhere else, we
'll become complacent. And that's how we won't create
good karma for ourselves, dear fellow
practitioners. Having a Dharma center
allows us to create
more blessings. All our care
for others will have a karmic result: others will
care for us in return. It's not
that the people we care for will
care for us in return. Karma creates opportunities
for us to have the necessary conditions;
everything we need will
appear in this world,
providing the
solutions to our
problems and difficulties. Therefore, we need a Dharma
center to cultivate
that karma. Without it, we can't cultivate.
For example, in Dharma centers in Vietnam, if
a Buddhist family faces a
problem...  The message was posted on the Dharma center. So,
everyone discussed it together. The Buddhists
discussed and
implemented various things, such as arranging chanting of
sutras and dedicating merit to resolving problems for other families. That's
why, as you
see on the internet,
many families have experienced such transformations. It's
because of this mutual care and concern. They receive
blessings; when their families face difficulties, they receive
care and concern
from outside, not
from within the Dharma center. Because of
their blessings, they can resolve
problems more quickly. That's why we
need the Dharma center to do
that. You
see, it's very
beneficial. This kind of practice is
very easy for us; it's
not difficult at all. It's very
easy. On the
Dharma center's page for overseas Buddhists,
we also have activities. For example,
we go chanting sutras or doing other things,
and we can post about it
on our page.  Or,
later on, we have activities and
duties, for example, in a certain place,
in a certain
country or community,
if everyone
wants to do good, you can send someone to help. That's fine, or you can
gather everyone
in Vietnam. That's up to the
Dharma group, there's no obligation. Do you
understand, fellow
practitioners? Or, if any of you have
difficult family circumstances, please be
honest. If we are truly honest,
then 40
people can help one person overcome
difficulties. It will be easier than doing it alone, right, fellow
practitioners? Because you
have 40 people, and for example, if
this family is facing
difficulties, for example, if your family is in a mountainous area,
each person contributing 100,000 VND
could transfer
4 million VND to that family, right, fellow
practitioners?  That shows
genuine concern and
practicality for one's family and
relatives back home. It's that
simple. We do it according to our hearts, so
no one can
force anyone. We do it all according to our hearts, but let's
be honest about
our circumstances because we understand the
Dharma, so it's easier.
So, dear fellow practitioners, do you see
any obstacles if we participate in
such a Dharma group? It's just that
simple. And what about within your
community? If
we have long-term activities in a Dharma group and encounter
difficulties or obstacles, how
can we help each other?
We'll do good deeds
outside, and we'll do good for
the Buddhists in our community, okay? If there
are difficulties, we
can help, even if it's just a little,
not much. A little help when someone is
hungry is worth more than a lot when they are full. That's how we
can help each other. And what about the
Buddhists back home? After you...
Speaking of family addresses or
anything like that, there are Buddhists nearby. If you
have any problems with your family, you can
contact the Dharma center, and the
Golden Cup Club will send someone to visit and
help. Regarding money, you will contribute, but the
Buddhists of the Dharma
center in Vietnam will help with the effort. As
for mutual assistance, the Buddhists
within the Dharma center will take care of it themselves. Is that
clear, dear fellow practitioners? Yes, sir. For
example, if your mother, Quynh, is sick in the
hospital, the Buddhists
in the Dharma center in Vietnam can come and
take care of her. But
regarding the gifts, the Dharma center over
there has enough, while the Dharma center here can
take care of her. That
's the benefit of the
Golden Cup Club.
[Music] [
Applause] [Music] [Applause
]
[Music]